DOC-2241: TinyMCE 6.8.3 release notes (#3048)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.8.3-release-notes.adoc

* **Enhanced Media Embed** plugin `mediaembed`.
* **Export** plugin `export`.
* **Enhanced Image Editing** plugin `editimage`.
* **Link Checker** plugin `linkchecker`.
* **Spell Checker Pro** plugin `tinymcespellchecker`.
* **Spelling Autocorrect** plugin `autocorrect`.

For information on:

* The **Enhanced Media Embed** plugin, see: xref:introduction-to-mediaembed.adoc[Enhanced Media Embed plugin].
* The **Export** plugin, see: xref:export.adoc[Export plugin].
* The **Enhanced Image Editing** plugin, see: xref:editimage.adoc[Enhanced Image Editing plugin].
* The **Link Checker** plugin, see: xref:linkchecker.adoc[Link Checker plugin].
* The **Spell Checker Pro** plugin, see: xref:introduction-to-tiny-spellchecker.adoc[Spell Checker Pro plugin].
* The **Spelling Autocorrect** plugin, see: xref:autocorrect.adoc[Spelling Autocorrect plugin].
* Deploying the **server-side** components, see: xref:introduction-to-premium-selfhosted-services.adoc[Server-side component installation].

The Java server-side components have been updated to the following versions:

* `ephox-hyperlinking.war`: 2.105.24
* `ephox-image-proxy.war`: 2.106.11

> * `ephox-spelling.war`: 2.118.20

Author: ```suggestion
* `ephox-spelling.war`: 2.118.19
```

* **Enhanced Media Embed** plugin `mediaembed`.
* **Export** plugin `export`.
* **Enhanced Image Editing** plugin `editimage`.
* **Link Checker** plugin `linkchecker`.
* **Spell Checker Pro** plugin `tinymcespellchecker`.
* **Spelling Autocorrect** plugin `autocorrect`.

For information on:

* The **Enhanced Media Embed** plugin, see: xref:introduction-to-mediaembed.adoc[Enhanced Media Embed plugin].
* The **Export** plugin, see: xref:export.adoc[Export plugin].
* The **Enhanced Image Editing** plugin, see: xref:editimage.adoc[Enhanced Image Editing plugin].
* The **Link Checker** plugin, see: xref:linkchecker.adoc[Link Checker plugin].
* The **Spell Checker Pro** plugin, see: xref:introduction-to-tiny-spellchecker.adoc[Spell Checker Pro plugin].
* The **Spelling Autocorrect** plugin, see: xref:autocorrect.adoc[Spelling Autocorrect plugin].
* Deploying the **server-side** components, see: xref:introduction-to-premium-selfhosted-services.adoc[Server-side component installation].

The Java server-side components have been updated to the following versions:

* `ephox-hyperlinking.war`: 2.105.24
* `ephox-image-proxy.war`: 2.106.11
* `ephox-spelling.war`: 2.118.20

> NOTE: Service log level was changed from DEBUG to INFO, to reduce logs verbosity and gain more clarity.

Reviewer: Remove line 47 admonition

= TinyMCE 6.8.3
:navtitle: TinyMCE 6.8.3
:description: Release notes for TinyMCE 6.8.3
:keywords: releasenotes, new, changes, bugfixes
:page-toclevels: 1

include::partial$misc/admon-releasenotes-for-stable.adoc[]

[[overview]]
== Overview

> {productname} 6.8.3 was released for {enterpriseversion} and {cloudname} on <weekday>, <month> <DD>^<st|nd|rd|th>^, <YYYY>. These release notes provide an overview of the changes for {productname} 6.8.3, including:

Author: - [ ] Reminder to update date once confirmed.

Author: ```suggestion
{productname} 6.8.3 was released for {enterpriseversion} and {cloudname} on Wednesday, February 08^th^, 2024. These release notes provide an overview of the changes for {productname} 6.8.3, including:
```
